---
title: Oh no!
---

There's nothing you can't recover from; let us help you get back on track. Do you want to go to the [home](/) or check our [blog](/blog/)?



* Task Creation and Organization: Users want the ability to easily create tasks, set due dates, and organize them into categories or projects.

* Prioritization: Task prioritization features like setting task importance or urgency help users focus on what matters most.

* Deadline Management: A built-in calendar or due date reminders ensure users stay on top of deadlines.

* Task Notes and Attachments: Users often need to add notes, descriptions, or attachments to tasks for more context or reference.

* Recurring Tasks: The ability to schedule recurring or repetitive tasks (e.g., daily, weekly, monthly) is crucial for handling routine responsibilities.

* Subtasks: Users appreciate the ability to break down larger tasks into smaller, manageable subtasks.

* Collaboration: Collaboration features like task sharing, assigning tasks to others, and commenting make it easy for teams or family members to work together.

* Notifications and Reminders: Timely reminders and notifications ensure tasks aren't forgotten.

* Sync Across Devices: Seamless synchronization across multiple devices (e.g., iOS, Android, web, desktop) is essential for users who switch between platforms.

* Offline Access: Some users need the ability to access and update tasks even without an internet connection.

* Search and Filters: Robust search and filtering options help users quickly find specific tasks, especially in a large task list.

* Time Tracking: For those who want to analyze their time usage, time tracking features can be valuable.

* Kanban or Boards: Kanban-style boards help users visualize their workflow and progress.

* Goal Setting: Some users seek features that allow them to set and track personal or professional goals.

* Integration with Other Apps: The ability to integrate with calendars, email, note-taking apps, and project management tools enhances productivity.

* Data Backup and Security: Users want assurance that their task data is secure and can be backed up.

* Dark Mode: Many users appreciate the option of a dark mode for reduced eye strain during late-night work.

* Live Actrivity on iOS: A life activity widget on the lockscreen of your iphone and the dinamic island indicating the task you are currently focusing on.

* Minimal Distractions: A distraction-free or minimalist mode can help users focus on their tasks without unnecessary clutter.

* Reports and Analytics: Some users value insights into their productivity patterns, such as completed tasks, time spent, or progress reports.

* Cross-Platform Support: Support for various operating systems ensures users can access the app from their preferred devices.
